[compression-dictionary] Added link relation (#2783)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-compression-dictionary.md

Content-Dictionary: :pZGm1Av0IEBKARczz7exkNYsZb8LzaMrV7J32a2fFG4=:
~~~

# The 'compression-dictionary' Link Relation Type

This specification defines the 'compression-dictionary' link relation type
{{WEB-LINKING}} that provides a mechanism for a HTTP response to provide a URL
for a compression dictionary that is related to, but not directly used by the
current HTTP response.

The 'compression-dictionary' link relation type indicates that fetching and
caching the specified resource is likely to be beneficial as future requests

> are likely to support using the provided compression dictionary for encoding

Reviewer: "as future requested resources are likely able to use the specified resource as a compression dictionary for encoding their responses"?

> The 'compression-dictionary' link relation type indicates that fetching and
> caching the specified resource is likely to be beneficial as future requests
> are likely to support using the provided compression dictionary for encoding
> responses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 'compression-dictionary' link relation type indicates that fetching and
caching the specified resource is likely to be beneficial for future requests.
The response to some of those future requests are likely to be able to use
the indicated resource as a compression dictionary.
```

> Clients SHOULD fetch the provided resource at a time that they determine would
> be appropriate.

Reviewer 2: In general, leave 2119 language for cases that have interoperability consequences.

```suggestion
Clients can fetch the provided resource at a time that they determine would
be appropriate.
```

> The response to the fetch for the compression dictionary is responsible for
> including the appropriate "Use-As-Dictionary" and caching response headers. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The response to the fetch for the compression dictionary needs to include a
"Use-As-Dictionary" and caching response headers for it to be usable as a
compression dictionary. The
```

link relation only provides the mechanism for triggering the fetch of the
dictionary.

## Example

> For example:

Reviewer: "For example" feels spurious

Reviewer 2: As does the title.  I'd put the description of the example above the example and avoid the section heading.

~~~ http-message

> Link: <https://example.org/dictionary.dat>;
>       rel="compression-dictionary"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Link: <https://example.org/dictionary.dat>; rel="compression-dictionary"
```

I don't think that this blows the line limit.  If it does, shorten the URL before wrapping.

~~~

> indicates that the resource at https://example.org/dictionary.dat is a
> compression dictionary that is likely to be beneficial to use for future
> requests related to the current one.

Reviewer 2: Move above, but...

```suggestion
The following example shows a link to a resource at https://example.org/dictionary.dat that
is expected to produce a compression dictionary:
```
